feat: move MUST and references from YANG files to Voucher section (#135)
anima-wg/voucher: draft-ietf-anima-rfc8366bis.md

For Vouchers stored/transferred via methods like a USB storage device (USB key), the Voucher format is usually signaled by a filename extension.

> In the constrained versions of the voucher and voucher-request (as used by {{cBRSKI}}), the fields `pinned-domain-pubk` (`proximity-registrar-pubk` for requests) and `pinned-domain-pubk-sha256` (`proximity-registrar-pubk-sha256` for requests) can be used to pin the raw public key, or just the SHA256 hash of the raw public key.

Reviewer: * what you call "field" here is now called "Attribute" per the glossary (we did a rename previously of all 'field' terms)
* text suggests that the proximity-* fields are used for pinning, which is not the case -> they could carry a raw public key of the Registrar, but that's not related to the term "pinning" as we use it.

> In the constrained versions of the voucher and voucher-request (as used by {{cBRSKI}}), the fields `pinned-domain-pubk` (`proximity-registrar-pubk` for requests) and `pinned-domain-pubk-sha256` (`proximity-registrar-pubk-sha256` for requests) can be used to pin the raw public key, or just the SHA256 hash of the raw public key.

Author: ```suggestion
In the constrained versions of the voucher and voucher-request (as used by {{cBRSKI}}), the attributes `pinned-domain-pubk` (`proximity-registrar-pubk` for requests) and `pinned-domain-pubk-sha256` (`proximity-registrar-pubk-sha256` for requests) are involved in the process of pinning a raw public key.
```

Reviewer: Text looks ok now!

The public keys are to be encoded according to {{!RFC7250, Section 3}} for RSA and EcDSA keys, noting that {{!RFC8032}} extends this to include an OID for EdDSA.
The old (1024-bit) DSA algorithm is not supported.

When EcDSA is supported, curves secp256r1 and secp384r1 SHOULD be supported.
When EdDSA is supported, curves Ed25519 and Ed448 SHOULD be supported.

> When RSA is supported, sizes of at least 2048 bits SHOULD be supported, with support for sizes up to 4096 bits as RECOMMENDED.

Reviewer: SHOULD and RECOMMENDED are the same "level" of requirement per RFC 2119. So this may be unclear: do we mean that if you pick a key length it SHOULD be at least 2048 bits,  and if you build an implementation that supports multiple key lengths it SHOULD support at least 4096 bits?

Author: Yes, I know SHOULD===RECOMMENDED. I was trying to make the text more pleasant.

I think that RSA >= 2048, and <= 4096 is an appropriate range to support.  If you want different wording... of course.

Reviewer: This was not about using different wording for 'SHOULD' but more that, as written, the requirements seem to conflict. First one says the implementation can support 2048 max and that's ok, while the second one says the implementation can support 4096 max and that's ok too.

What about this:

```suggestion
When RSA is supported by an implementation, it SHOULD support key lengths between 2048 and 4096 bits, and MAY support longer keys.
```

> When RSA is supported by an implementation, it SHOULD support key lengths between 2048 and 4096 bits, and MAY support longer keys.

Author: One reason to set a maximum size here is to avoid interoperability failures because the keys got too long.

```suggestion
When RSA is supported by an implementation, it SHOULD support key lengths between 2048 and 4096 bits.
```

Reviewer: Text looks ok now.  One reason I thought MAY was ok for longer keys is that it forces an implementer to consider the case where the MAY isn't implemented on the peer device side. That effectively enforces a max of 4096 again, unless you know for sure the peer is of a specific brand/make that supports > 4096. Net effect is similar to removing the text - which might be the more clear choice.
